README.md, before:

# hath-docker    
    
## Usage  
Run H@H Client on Docker  
   
## Use docker  
```
docker run \
--name hath \
--user "${UID}:${GID} \
-v /path/to/your/hath/cache:/hath/cache \
-v /path/to/your/hath/data:/hath/data \ 
-v /path/to/your/hath/download>:/hath/download \
-v /path/to/your/hath/log:/hath/log \
-v /path/to/your/hath/tmp:/hath/tmp \
-e HATH_CLIENT_ID=<Input Your HATH ID Here> \
-e HATH_CLIENT_KEY=<Input Your HATH KEY Here> \
-e UMASK=000 \
-e TZ=<YOUR_TIMEZONE> \
-p <YOUR_HATH_PORT>/tcp \
cloverdefa/hath:latest
```

    
## or Use docker-compose    
    
### docker-compose.yml

```
version: "3.8"

services:
  hath:  
    image: cloverdefa/hath:latest
    container_name: 'hath'
    user: "${UID}:${GID}"
    network_mode: host 
    volumes:
      - ./cache:/hath/cache
      - ./data:/hath/data  
      - ./download:/hath/download
      - ./log:/hath/log
      - ./tmp:/hath/tmp
    environment:
      - HATH_CLIENT_ID: <Input Your HATH ID Here>
      - HATH_CLIENT_KEY: <Input Your HATH KEY Here>
      - UMASK: 000
      - TZ: <Input Your TimeZone Here>
    restart: unless-stopped
```
   
## Github

https://github.com/cloverdefa/hath-docker

Commit message:

docs: update README.md file with information about hath-docker and version update
- Add a section about hath-docker to the README.md file
- Update the version information in the README.md file

Signed-off-by: DAST-OfficePC <jackie@dast.tw>

README.md, after:

# hath-docker    
    
hath-docker   
   
This is a H@H Clinet run on Docker   
   
Version :   
H@H Client : 1.6.1   
JAVA : 8u171   
   
## Usage  
   
## Use docker  
```
docker run \
--name hath \
--user "${UID}:${GID} \
-v /path/to/your/hath/cache:/hath/cache \
-v /path/to/your/hath/data:/hath/data \ 
-v /path/to/your/hath/download>:/hath/download \
-v /path/to/your/hath/log:/hath/log \
-v /path/to/your/hath/tmp:/hath/tmp \
-e HATH_CLIENT_ID=<Input Your HATH ID Here> \
-e HATH_CLIENT_KEY=<Input Your HATH KEY Here> \
-e UMASK=000 \
-e TZ=<YOUR_TIMEZONE> \
-p <YOUR_HATH_PORT>/tcp \
cloverdefa/hath:latest
```

    
## or Use docker-compose    
    
### docker-compose.yml

```
version: "3.8"

services:
  hath:  
    image: cloverdefa/hath:latest
    container_name: 'hath'
    user: "${UID}:${GID}"
    network_mode: host 
    volumes:
      - ./cache:/hath/cache
      - ./data:/hath/data  
      - ./download:/hath/download
      - ./log:/hath/log
      - ./tmp:/hath/tmp
    environment:
      - HATH_CLIENT_ID: <Input Your HATH ID Here>
      - HATH_CLIENT_KEY: <Input Your HATH KEY Here>
      - UMASK: 000
      - TZ: <Input Your TimeZone Here>
    restart: unless-stopped
```
   
## Github

https://github.com/cloverdefa/hath-docker
